Admission Process at a Glance
AVAILABILITY OF FORMS (online)
January 15, 2026

SUBMISSION OF FORMS
From January 15, 2026

ADMISSION TEST (Tentative)
Date of Exam Time of Exam Course
23.06.2026 10:30 am - 12:00 noon B.A.J.M.C.
25.06.2026 10:30 am - 12:00 noon
BCA/B.Voc.(Software)
B.Com.(H)/ /B.Com. (ECom.)/B.Com.(ACCA)/B.Com.(CFA)/ B.Voc.
(B&F)
25.06.2026 02:30 pm - 04:00 pm BBA/BBA(DB)
25.06.2026 02:30 pm - 04:00 pm BPH/B.Voc. (CVFS)

DECLARATION OF RESULTS – LUACMAT, 2026
(02 July 2026 (Tentative)

COUNSELLING SCHEDULE
Date of Exam Course
Counselling dates will be declared
at the time of Entrance
Examination
BCA/B.Com.(H)/B.Voc.(Software)/B.Com. (ECom.)/B.Com.(ACCA)/B.Com.(CFA)
BBA/BBA(DB)/B.Voc.(B&F)/BAJMC/BPH/B.Voc.
CVFS)
Lucknow University Associated Colleges
Management Admission Test - 2026
LUACMAT - 2026
Introduction
Lucknow University Associated Colleges Management Admission Test (LUACMAT) is conducted by
National Post Graduate College every year. LUACMAT is a collective venture of the associated colleges of
the University of Lucknow to hold common entrance examination and complete the process of admission
after counselling in BBA, BBA (Digital Business), B.Com.(Hons.), BCA, BAJMC, B.Voc.(Software & EGovernance) and B.Voc. (Banking & Finance) Programs. The objective of introducing the management &
professional Programs at undergraduate level is to prepare strong foundation of students who are willing to
take up administration, management, journalism, IT and IT-enable services as their career and develop
professionalism in their personality.
BBA (Bachelor of Business Administration), BBA(DB) (BBA in Digital Business), and B.Com.(Hons.)
(Bachelor in Commerce-Hons.) are six semester Programs run by the Institute of Management Studies and
also offered by the affiliated colleges of the Lucknow University. Similarly, BCA (Bachelor of Computer
Application) and BAJMC (Bachelor of Arts in Journalism and Mass Communication) are also six semester
Programs; BCA (Bachelor of Computer Application) is run by the Department of Computer Science and
BAJMC is offered by the Department of Journalism and Mass Communication. B.Voc. Programs are run
under Deen Dayal Upadhyay KAUSHAL Kendra of UGC.
National P.G. College has adopted NEP-2020 and is completely NEP-compliant and the program structure is
subject to change as per the government orders from time to time.
Objectives of LUACMAT
The Lucknow University had permitted the colleges to adopt their own procedure of admission in
professional Programs at undergraduate level. The heads of the institutions offering BBA, BBA(DB),
B.C.A., BAJMC, B.Voc. and B.Com. (Hons.) Programs decided to hold a common admission test in the
interest of the students who would have to otherwise
a. apply in different colleges
b. purchase application forms of different colleges
c. appear more than once in the admission test
d. miss/skip one or more admission tests in case of date & time clash.
The heads of institutions decided that the National Post Graduate College should shoulder the responsibility
of conducting the common admission test (LUACMAT 2026) and complete the process of admission in
BBA, BBA (DB), BCA, B.Com.(Hons.), B.Voc. and BAJMC Programs after counselling.
In addition, National P.G. College will be conducting LUACCET (Lucknow University Associated College
Common Entrance Test) for entrance to B.Com. and B.Sc. (Math) from 2022 onwards on receiving multiple
requests from associated colleges.
Eligibility of LUACMAT 2026
BBA, BBA(DB), 10+2 Passed in any discipline with minimum 50% marks in
BAJMC aggregate at +2 level.
BCA 10+2 Passed in any discipline with minimum 50% marks in aggregate at +2 level with
mathematics/computer as one of the subjects.
B.Com.(Hons.) 10+2 Passed in any discipline with minimum 60% marks in aggregate at +2 level with either Commerce,
Economics or Mathematics as one of the subjects.
B.Voc. (Software Development 10+2 Passed in any discipline with minimum 50%
& E-Governance)
B.Voc. (Banking & Finance) 10+2 Passed in any discipline with minimum 50%
B.Com.(E-Com.)/(ACCA)/(CFA) Passed in Commerce or with Maths/Economics with minimum 50% marks in aggregate at 10+2 level.
BPH 10+2 Passed in any discipline with minimum 50%
B.Voc.(CVFS) 10+2 Passed in any discipline with minimum 50%
Note:
• For SC/ST candidates the eligibility criterion of aggregate marks for all the above Programs will be reduced by 5%.
• Entrance Test Centre may be changed without assigning any reason.
National P.G. College: An Introduction
An Autonomous College, CPE & Accredited by NAAC Grade ‘A’
One of the participant Colleges of LUACMAT-2026
Established in the year 1974 by the then Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh, late Chandra Bhanu Gupta, who
also has the honour of being popularly known as the architect of modern Lucknow. National Post Graduate
College is the apex institution of Moti Lal Memorial Society. The college makes sincere efforts to inculcate
moral and social values in the students.
Situated close to the banks of river Gomti, the college has an impressive building with hostel facility for
boys & girls. It has a large campus with lush green surroundings. With a total strength of 6798+ students
(boys and girls), the college has Arts including BAJMC, Commerce, Science, Electronics, Management
and Computer Science Faculties. The College also offers under-graduate and post-graduate programmes in
Software Development and Banking & Finance under Deen Dayal Upadhyay KAUSHAL Kendra. The
college has postgraduate Programs in Arts, Science and Commerce faculties. The college have a one-year
Post Graduate Diploma Program in Remote Sensing & GIS (PGDRSGIS) and a one year Post
Graduate Diploma in Forensic Science (PGDFS). Under Deen Dayal Upadhyay KAUSHAL Kendra
following skill development Programs are being offered. The Programs are 1. B.Voc. in Software
Development & E-Governance, 2. B.Voc. in Banking & Finance and 3. Community College in Office
Automation & E-Governance. 4. Community College in Banking & Finance, 5. M.Voc. in Software &
E-Governance, 6. M.Voc. in Banking, Stocks & Insurance. The College started five vocational programs
in session 2024-25 1. Lab Technician, 2. OT Technician, 3. Physiotherapy, 4. Hospital Management & 5.
Hotel Management. The B.Com in International Accounting & Finance (Integrated with ACCA) and The
B.Com - Financial Analysis (Integrated with CFA). Bachelor of Public Health (BPH). Semester System
has been introduced both at UG & PG levels with a transparent examination and Evaluation system having
continual internal evaluation system with CBCS and CGPA.
Aiming at achieving cent percent result in the examination, a well-qualified and hard-working faculty strives
to put in its best to raise the standards of the institution under dynamic administration and energetic
leadership. The library is well-equipped and well-arranged, fully automated & air-conditioned. Journals and
other seminar papers are constantly added to the rich storehouse of research section. Keeping in tune with
the modern age of digital technology and computer education, the college maintains balanced pace by
housing computer labs with latest software and hardware configuration. Laboratories in the Science
faculty and practical labs in the subjects of the Arts faculty are well-equipped with latest instruments.
The National Post Graduate College is an autonomous college of Lucknow University with grade ‘A’
accreditation from NAAC. In accordance with UGC guidelines the college successfully introduced Choice
Based Credit System (CBCS) in undergraduate and post-graduate Programs as well. It is important to
mention that CBCS system at PG level was introduced from 2014-15 with encouraging response from the
students. CGPA system of awarding marks and grades and Multiple-Choice Questions (MCQ) pattern of
examinations is also in practice. With the introduction of CBCS, there are three categories of papers/subjects
in each faculty. 1) Core (Six compulsory papers carrying four credits each) 2) Elective group of papers
under CBCS from all the faculties carrying two credits each*
Candidates having passed their 10th Class examination before 2022 are not eligible for seeking admission in UG
Programs in National P G College.
Admission Test Format:
The Admission Test for BBA & BBA(DB) shall comprise of two papers, each of sixty minutes duration. The
candidates would be required to answer 75 objective questions in each paper. Admission Test for BCA/B.Voc.(SD &
EG) shall be of 90 minutes duration. There shall be 100 multiple choice questions. Admission Test for
BAJMC/B.Voc. (Banking) shall be of 60 minutes duration with 75 multiple choice questions. Admission Test for
B.Com.(Hons.) shall be of 90 minutes duration with 100 multiple choice questions. There shall be no negative
marking.
Details of Papers
BBA, BBA(DB)
Paper I
There shall be 100 multiple choice questions from
G.S., G.K., Elementary Maths, Reasoning 40%
Commerce & Management 20%
Science 20%
General English 20%
BCA/BVOC-Software Development & E-Governance
There shall be 100 multiple choice questions from
G.S., G.K., Elementary Maths, Reasoning 40%
Subject Related 60%
BAJMC
There shall be 75 multiple choice questions from
G.S., G.K., Elementary Maths, Reasoning 40%
Subject Related 60%
B.Com. (Hons.)/(E-Com.)/(ACCA)/(CFA)
There shall be 100 multiple choice questions from
G.S., G.K., Elementary Maths, Reasoning 40%
Subject Related 60%
B.Voc. (Banking & Finance)
There shall be 100 multiple choice questions from
G.S., G.K., Elementary Maths, Reasoning 40%
Subject Related 60%
B.Voc. (CVFS)
There shall be 100 multiple choice questions from
G.S., G.K., Elementary Maths, Reasoning 40%
Subject Related 60%
Availability of Forms
ONLINE: website: www.admission.npgc.in and
OFFLINE: Counter No. 1 (College Administrative Block)
Note: Copies of marksheets and certificates may not be attached with application form.
 * ₹500 Registration, ₹500 Admission Process
Programmes:
Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA), BBA in Digital Business (BBA(DB)), Bachelor of Computer
Application (BCA), Bachelor of Arts in Journalism and Mass Communication (BAJMC) and B.Com. (Hons.) are all
three-year (Six-Semester) Programs. At the successful completion of all semesters, Bachelor’s degree in the respective
faculty is awarded by the University of Lucknow.
Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA) is an exposure of students to Accounting, Business Law and Ethics,
Economics, Finance, Management Information System, Marketing, Organizational Behaviour, Statistical Analysis,
Effective Communication and a lot more. Studying business administration has become all the more relevant in the
Indian context especially with the entry of multinational companies, banking and insurance services. The Program
aims at developing leadership, co-ordination and team spirit with a view to preparing the students for higher studies in
the field of management. French as a foreign language is also part of the curriculum.
BBA in Digital Business (BBA(DB)) aims at developing analytical strategies and decision making skills in the field
of digital business. The program focuses on communication and IT skills and gives necessary exposure to
contemporary issues of Digital marketing, Digital Management of Finance, Marketing personnel, Human Resource
Development, capable of handling Digital Business & Management. The emphasis is also on methodology and
research-oriented issues with computer and quantitative techniques.
Bachelor of Computer Application (BCA) The curriculum of Bachelor of Computer Application has been designed
to cater to the needs of modern age. It gives an early start to those who are interested in taking up programming and
computer designing as their career. The Program aims at developing Communication Skills and Numerical and
Programming aptitudes. Elementary Mathematics and Electronics are integral parts of the curriculum.
Bachelor of Arts in Journalism and Mass Communication (BAJMC) There is a boom in Print and Electronic
Media, with a number of regional, national and international newspapers, TV and radio channels and webcast being
set up to reach the masses. A Bachelor Degree in Journalism and Mass Communication (BAJMC) offers unlimited
exciting opportunities. Reporting and editing in Newspapers/Magazines, broadcasting production, anchoring and news
reading on television channels, animation, video game designing, digital video and film editing, are some of the
numerous ways to make media a creative and exciting career.
Bachelor of Commerce (B.Com. Hons.) The Program has been designed keeping in mind the professional guidance
needed by the students for pursuing Programs like MBA, CS, CA and ICWA. Subjects like Cost Accounting,
Taxation, Financial Mathematics and Business Statistics train them in commercial aspects of managing a business
establishment. Subjects like Psychology and Communication help them in grooming their personality too.
German/French as a foreign language is also part of the curriculum.
B.Voc. in Banking & Finance is a three-year six semester programme (with multiple-exit provisions at the
end of every year) leading to a bachelor degree. The Program aims at developing a holistic competency and
skill in the field of banking, finance, stocks, insurance, risk management and everything that concerns
management and safe handling of cash and investments in any form. On completion of the Program, the
student is expected to have the knowledge, skill and expertise of a banker and a professional aptitude in the
field of banking and finance. The curriculum will include subjects such as basics of banking, managerial
communication and soft skills, computer skills, banking environment and banking operations, credit risk
management, banking laws and regulations, Indian financial system, financial planning and business ethics,
mutual fund management, retail banking, treasury management, atm/debit/credit card system, E-banking, IT
and banking, demat, foreign exchange, NBFCs, functioning of stock exchanges etc.
B.Voc. in Software Development & E-Governance is a three-year six semester programme (with multipleexit provisions at the end of every year) leading to a bachelor degree. The Program aims at developing
capabilities of a highly skilled software developer and customizing and implementing E-Governance in
different walks of life. E-governance is a plan to provide all government services to the public electronically.
The 11th report of the Second Administrative Reforms Commission, entitled "Promoting E-Governance -
The Smart way Forward", established the government’s position that an expansion in E-Government is
necessary in India. E-governance is something that is fast emerging and bringing revolutionary changes in
our day-to-day functioning. The curriculum will develop skills in the students as creating a well agreeable
environment for E-governance. Customized software development shall always remain in demand in the fast
ever growing global economy. The Program is designed to create web-designers, software developers and IT
professionals. The curriculum will include subjects such as introduction to information theory and
application, computer languages, c++, java, php, asp.net, multi-media, communication, corporate behaviour,
data management system, MIS, concepts of signal, basics of electronics, hardware, networking &
networking protocol, switching web hosting, E-governance, digitization and management of records,
implementing digitalization in various departments of administration, public involvement and E-governance
etc.
The B.Com (E-Commerce) – Apprenticeship Embedded Degree Programme (AEDP) at National P.G.
College, Lucknow, implemented in collaboration with the Board of Apprenticeship Training (BOAT),
Ministry of Education, is designed in accordance with the guidelines of the University Grants Commission
(UGC). The programme integrates academic learning with industry-oriented apprenticeship training,
enabling students to acquire both theoretical knowledge and practical skills in commerce, digital business,
and e-commerce. As a part of the AEDP framework, it serves as an excellent example of the “learning while
doing” approach, where students gain real-world exposure through structured apprenticeship opportunities in
relevant industries. This blended model of classroom education and hands-on experience aims to enhance
employability, professional competence, and industry readiness among graduates in the rapidly evolving
digital economy.
The B.Com in International Accounting & Finance (Integrated with ACCA) is a distinctive
undergraduate programme designed for students who aspire to pursue global careers in finance, accounting,
and business leadership. Offered by National PG College (NPGC), Lucknow, with ACCA training the
programme combines a UGC-recognized B.Com degree with progression toward the globally respected
ACCA qualification. Recognized across 180+ countries, ACCA enables students to access international
career opportunities across accounting, consulting, audit, taxation, and corporate finance roles.
The B.Com - Financial Analysis (Integrated with CFA) is a 3-year integrated undergraduate program
offered at National PG College, combining commerce education with structured preparation aligned to the
CFA curriculum .
This program is designed for students seeking a strong academic foundation alongside exposure to
professional investment and finance frameworks.* Integrated structure that complements undergraduate
learning
* CFA-aligned curriculum integrated alongside academic semesters
* Strong foundation for careers in finance, research and investment domains
* Structured progression without overlapping or parallel coursework
* Academic learning and professional preparation—designed to work together.
Bachelors in Public Health (BPH) "Build a Healthier Future with Public Health Education"
About the Course:
Bachelor in Public Health (BPH) is designed for students who want to build a career in community health
and healthcare management. The program provides knowledge about disease prevention, health promotion,
epidemiology, and public health policies. Students will gain practical exposure through Fieldwork
Practicum, Internships and Research activities. Career Opportunities:- Graduates can work in hospitals,
NGOs, government health departments, research organizations, and international health agencies.
B.Voc. and Paramedical Courses (Centre of Vocational and Futuristic Studies)
The Centre of Vocational and Futuristic Studies has been established to promote skill-based education and
professional training through the Bachelor of Vocation (B.Voc.) programmes under the guidelines of
the University Grants Commission (UGC) and Domain Skilling Courses under the frameworks of
the National Skill Development Corporation (NSDC) and Uttar Pradesh Skill Development
Mission (UPSDM).
The centre focuses on preparing students with industry-oriented skills and practical knowledge that enhance
employability and professional competence.
Vision
To provide cutting-edge vocational education and skill development opportunities that are closely aligned
with the evolving needs of industries and healthcare sectors, ensuring that students are equipped with both
theoretical understanding and practical expertise.
Objectives
To offer Domain Skilling Courses accredited by the NSDC and UPSDM.
To bridge the gap between academia and industry by providing hands-on training and practical exposure.
To develop skilled professionals capable of meeting the demands of healthcare, hospitality, and service
sectors.
To promote employment-oriented education through vocational and professional programmes.
Courses Offered
The centre offers the following Bachelor of Vocation (B.Voc.) programmes:
Bachelor of Vocation in Medical Lab Technology
Bachelor of Vocation in Operation Theatre Technology
Bachelor of Vocation in Physiotherapy
Bachelor of Vocation in Hospital Management
Bachelor of Vocation in Hotel Management
These programmes combine academic learning with practical training, internships, and skill development,
enabling students to build successful careers in healthcare services, hospital administration, diagnostic
laboratories, and the hospitality industry.
Overall, the Centre of Vocational and Futuristic Studies aims to create a skilled workforce, support national
skill development initiatives, and contribute to the growth of professional education and employment
opportunities.
Program Fee & Counselling Procedure:
Successful candidates of LUACMAT 2026 (written examination) would be required to bring the following
at the time of counselling
a. *Pay order/Demand Draft in favour of National P G College payable at Lucknow:
i. BBA/BBA(DB) ₹ 34,500/- (₹ Thirty Four Thousand Five Hundred Only) per semester
ii. BCA ₹ 35,500/- (₹ Thirty Five Thousand Five Hundred Only) per semester
iii. BAJMC ₹ 29,100/- (₹ Twenty-Nine Thousand One Hundred Only) per semester
iv. B.Com. (Hons.) - ₹ 28,600/- (₹ Twenty-Eight Thousand Six Hundred Only) per semester
v. B.Voc. (SD&EG) / B.Voc. (Banking & Finance) - ₹ 26,000/- (₹ Twenty-Six Thousand Only)
per year
vi. BPH - ₹ 32,000/- (₹ Thirty Two Thousand Only) per year.
vii. B.Com.(E-Commerce) - ₹ 28,600/- (₹ Twenty-Eight Thousand Six Hundred Only) per
semester
viii. B.Com. (ACCA) / (CFA) - ₹ 60,000/- (₹ Sixty Thousand Only) per semester.
b. Counselling fee ₹ 500 (Cash).
c. Original mark-sheets and certificates of class X and class XII for verification.
d. Photocopies of mark-sheets and certificates of class X and class XII (self-attested).
e. Character Certificate and Transfer Certificate in original from the head of the institution from where
the candidate passed his/her last examination as regular candidate. TC and CC in original shall have
to be submitted/surrendered at the time of counselling.
f. Original Caste Certificate issued by Competent Authority for claiming reservation under
Government Rules.
Note:
1. Fee given herein above is subject to change at the time of admission.
2. The fee for the Programs being offered by National P G College (inclusive of all except caution money).
3. The fee for other colleges may differ from the above. The Colleges may charge/adjust additional/extra fee
from the above mentioned fee structure. The candidates recommended for admission in colleges shall be
required to pay Caution Money (refundable) decided by the college, revised fee/Balance Semester fee;
University examination fee to be decided by the University of Lucknow.
4. Request for Cancellation of admission and Fee refund may be made to National P G College within seven
days from the date of fee payment. After the expiry of seven days (except for National P G College)
candidates are required to submit their fee refund request directly to the college allotted to them. Fee refund
requests shall be subject to the policies of the colleges allotted to the candidate. National P G College will
entertain fee refund request only within seven days from the date of depositing the fee.
5. For all Legal issues related to National P G College, appropriate courts of Lucknow shall have the
jurisdiction.
* Admission fee may also be paid through our website (www.npgc.in), QR-Code, Debit/Credit Card/Internet Banking
(Banking Service Charge additional).
PROFILES OF PARTICIPANT COLLEGES LUACMAT-2026
ARYAKUL COLLEGE OF EDUCATION
THE ARYAKUL COLLEGE OF EDUCATION is situated in the locality of Sarojini Nagar, Natkur, Post Chandrawal,
Gauri Bijnour Road, Lucknow, The college is well connected by the road transport, Railways and the Airways. The
nearest bus station is Alambagh, the railway station nearer to the colleges are Pipersand, Manak Nagar and the
Charbagh. The College has ready to use all the latest system to provide the best education of the every course
including Wi-Fi enable Campus with smart classes and a well equipped digital library. The college ensures
participation of every student in all the cultural events and many other activities including sports for the purpose of
overall development of every single student. Apart of the activities, the main focus remains on the academic studies of
all the subject of theory as well as the practical by the well qualified and experienced faculty members. The Aryakul
College of Education is approved by UGC and affiliated to university of Lucknow since 2011-12. Since the inception,
institute started with the 3 years course of Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA) and later in 2013-14 keeping in
view the wide effect of the media, globally, the institute took affiliation for BA-JMC course (Bachelor of Journalism
and Mass Communication. In the year 2015-16 the institution got affiliation for b.com 3 years course and in 2019-20
Master of Journalism & Mass Communication course was initiated. For the students of journalism and mass
communication, The College has studio with the modern well equipped with the latest machines enabling the students
aware with the latest technologies. Viewing the need of B.Com passed students; the college took affiliation of M.Com
course in the session 2021-22.The Aryakul College of Education has the hostel facility separate for the girls and boys
who are from outside the city or those who wants to avail the facility. The college is free of ragging in any type.
Transport facility is also available from the various points to the college on a affordable cost. The college offers the
scholarship facility for the students of SC/ST, OBC and for the General category meritorious students.
Email: aryakulcollege@gmail.com
Website: www.aryakul.org.in
Contact: 9005092461, 9005092456, 9005092455/60
Address: Natkur, Post Chandrawal, Aryakul College Road, Sarojini Nagar, Lucknow
Courses: BBA-120 Seats, BJMC-120 Seats, MJMC-40 Seats, B.COM-60 Seats, M.COM-40 Seats
College of Innovative Management & Science
College of Innovative Management & Science (CIMS) is an Associate Institute of IMRT Business School, envisaged as a
destination for the most talented and promising students since its inception in 2008. Located in the heart of the city,
the institute has been conferred with the A+++ Excellent Business School Award.
The college inculcates values that prepare students for academic excellence through the paths of critical thinking,
professional work ethic, and the determination to be accountable. A well-defined vision, highly committed mission,
and dedicated leadership facilitate IMRT/CIMS to be one of the best management colleges in Lucknow.
IMRT offers students, who come from diverse backgrounds, the widest possible scope and opportunity for academic
exploration and all-round growth. The institute provides state-of-the-art infrastructure with Wi-Fi and AC facilities,
highly qualified and competent faculty members, vibrant industry interface, and soft skill training for overall
personality development.
The campus also provides separate hostels for girls and boys, scholarships for meritorious students, and bank loan
assistance. Free guidance for competitive examinations is also provided to meritorious students. Recently, the
institute has also launched the BA.LLB (5-Year Integrated Program) to provide students with quality legal education
along with management exposure.
Email : imrt.edu.lko@gmail.com
Website: www.imrt.edu.in
Contact : 8417000705
Address: Vipul Khand-6, Gomti Nagar, Lucknow
COURSES (Affiliated to Lucknow University): BBA, B.Com (Hons.), BCA, B.Com, B.Ed., B.T.C., BA.LLB (5 Year
Integrated Program)
Modern Girls' College of Professional studies
Modern Girls' College of Professional studies is one the top notch Colleges imparting professional education to girls
since 2007 .It is situated in posh locality of Gomti nagar in Lucknow.
The college is recognized by the University of Lucknow to run BBA, BCA, B.Com (Hons.) and BAJMC programmes. The
college is known for its excellence in academics and discipline.
The institute is well equipped with a well stacked library, air conditioned lecture theatres and a well-equipped
Computer lab.Over the past three years, we have successfully facilitated placements for more than 500 students
across various companies through our consistent efforts and annual job fairs. In fact, quite a few of our students
have secured placements in multiple companies, reflecting their strong employability and industry readiness.
The College has signed MOU with ICICI and NIIT for training and placements of our students in banking sector. There
is also an MOU for SKILL DEVELOPMENT under NSDC Program.
We also offer Coaching for CAT, MAT, XAT, TISS, IIFT, Bank PO , ATMA and Personality Development classes by most
promising Professional Teachers
For the Convenience of our students we also provide Transport facilities all over Lucknow.
Hostel reference is available on request
Contact : 8127366406 / 07 / 08 .
Email: mgcps@rediffmail.com
Website: mgclko.org.in. Facebook: facebook.com/mgcpslucknow Instagram : mgcpslucknow
SHRI RAMSWAROOP MEMORIAL COLLEGE OF MANAGEMENT
(Permanent Affiliation with Lucknow University)
Shri Ramswaroop Memorial College of Management is one of the leading institutes of higher education in
Uttar Pradesh.
Established by two IIT Kanpur gold medalists, Er. Pankaj Agarwal and Er. Pooja Agarwal, the group of
Institution is driven by the dream of building future on the strength of youth fortified with best professional
training & education.
The College offers a spectrum of degree programs in domain of Computer Application, Management &
Commerce.
The educational character of the group of institutions is a seamless amalgam of skill based learning, depth of
insights and professional distinction in employability augmentation. The holistic curricular planning creates
the right attitude and mind-set, enabling students to fit in existing professional realm. An equal emphasis on
co-curricular activities in the campus complements the intense teaching and learning experience in a
multifaceted manner.
It provides ample opportunities of studying & training by experienced faculty members and is equipped with
state-of-the-Art of Classrooms, Presentation rooms, Computer labs, People Soft ERP system, Library
facilities, Banking facilities, Health Centre, Transportation facilities, Hostel facilities including Cafeteria &
Wifi Campus.
The striving for excellence incessantly goes on at SRMCM. Integrity of its managerial leadership and
faculty, value based institutional culture and quality driven performance initiatives make it a promising
place to acquire professional education.
Program: BBA, BCA & B.Com.(H)
Phone: 9839010407, 9839210067, 9554953776, 8840178789, 7388539642, 9793806620
E-mail: srmcm.office@srmcem.ac.in, registrar@srmcem.ac.in
Website: www.srmcm.ac.in
Fee (Per Semester*
As per guidelines of University of Lucknow.
*Caution Money (Refundable), Enrollment Fee and Examination Fees etc. as applicable will be charged at the time of
admission.
The Study Hall College
Study Hall College is one of the premier educational institutions under the Study Hall Educational
Foundation (SHEF), which is a non-profit social enterprise that has been working for four decades to
redefine education, and has built a network of initiatives and an institution around this commitment. The
network comprises nine educational institutions and four outreach initiatives that provide quality education
to all children, with a special focus on girls. Established in 2016, Study Hall College is a high-quality
undergraduate degree college affiliated to the University of Lucknow. The college is committed to providing
a caring and all-round development learning environment, grounded in a life-outcome approach, critical
social and political pedagogy, and a strong dedication to achieving high standards of academic excellence,
creativity, and innovation. Though still in its formative years, Study Hall College has steadily built a
reputation for delivering quality education and student-centric learning experiences. The college currently
offers the following undergraduate programs:
Programs offered
● Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA) - Annual Fee: Rs. 62,000.
● Bachelor of Computer Applications (BCA) - Annual Fee: Rs. 70,000.
● Bachelor of Arts in Journalism and Mass Communication (BAJMC) - Annual Fee: Rs. 40,000.
● Bachelor of Commerce (B.Com) - Annual Fee: Rs. 24,000.
Providing a safe, inclusive, and caring environment, the college prioritizes emotional well-being and
promotes a respectful, gender-sensitive campus culture. Also encourages innovation and creativity, nurturing
critical thinking, media skills, and an entrepreneurial mindset. As an emerging institution with a modern
outlook, Study Hall College adopts contemporary teaching methodologies, flexible learning approaches, and
remains adaptable to evolving educational trends, preparing students to become confident, responsible, and
future-ready individuals.
Phone: 8400078621
E-mail: thestudyhallcollege@gmail.com
Website: www.studyhallcollege.org
T.S. Mishra University, Lucknow
A Center of Academic Excellence
T.S. Mishra University, located in Amausi, Lucknow, is a premier multidisciplinary institution committed to academic
excellence, innovation, and professional development. Named after Justice Tribeni Sahai Mishra, the university
reflects a legacy of integrity, leadership, and nation-building.
The university offers career-oriented programs with a strong focus on practical learning, industry exposure, and
professional excellence.
The university operates through its specialized schools:
• School of Medicine
• School of Nursing
• School of Allied & Healthcare
• School of Pharmacy
• School of Ayurveda
• School of Law
• School of Business
• School of Computer Science & Artificial Intelligence
The campus is equipped with modern infrastructure, advanced laboratories, and a strong academic ecosystem
supporting holistic student development.
Contact: 9005462229 , 9005462226
Participant Colleges
LUACMAT 2026
S. No. College Name BBA BBA-DB BCA BCOMH
BAJMC BVOCBF
BVOCSD BPH
B.Com
(Ecom)
B.Com.
(ACCA)
B.Com.
(CFA) TOTAL
1 Aryakul College of Education 120 120 240
2
College of Innovative Management &
Science
180 120 60 360
3
Modern Girls College of Professional
Studies 120 60 60 240
4 National P.G. College 120 60 120 120 60 100 100 30 60 60 30 860
5
Shri Ramswaroop Memorial College of
Management 180 180 60 420
6
The Study Hall College 60 60 120
7
T.S. Mishra University 60 60 180 60 360
840 120 720 360 180 100 100 30 60 60 30 2600
LUACCET 2026
S. No. College Name B.Com. B.Sc. (Maths) B.Sc. (Biology) TOTAL
1 Aryakul College of Education 60 60
2 College of Innovative Management & Science 140 140
3 National P.G. College 550 240 120 910
750 240 120 1110
Note :
• Reservation on the seats shall be in accordance with the Government Reservation Policy.
• Entrance Test Centre may be changed without assigning any reason.